the different places that I've been stationed I think my favorite paid
place two of live was actually back home was kind of nice I was back
in my hometown on recruiting duty working out of the very same office
that I had been recruited out of years before I was actually recruiting
at the same high school that I attended so there's a lot of
my scene teachers there that remember me which kind of helped us it
was nice to be back home around family and friends and even though I
you know I was in the navy so it's collecting this navy paycheck and
all the benefits about being in the service well up still being back
home around family friends and working there